Anthropic recently dropped some of the
biggest updates we've seen to claude
possibly ever, including brand new
models, Sonnet and Opus 4.6, new
features like agent teams, co-work
plugins, a bunch of upgrades to Claude
code, and more. And in my opinion, these
updates have solidified Claude's place
as the top AI flagship model right now.
So, in this video, I'm going to break it
all down for you. What's changed, what
it means, why you should care. Whether
you're a developer, a business owner, or
just someone who uses Claude every day,
there's a lot to cover, so let's get
into it. So, let's start with some of
the freshest news. Claude Sonnet 4.6
literally just dropped on February 17th,
and honestly, this one caught me off
guard with how good it is. Sonnet is the
mid-tier model. It's faster and cheaper
than Opus, but the gap between the two
is getting smaller and smaller. Sonnet
4.6 is a major upgrade for coding, tool
use, and agentic work. It's the everyday
model, the one built for getting real
work done. It's now the default in the
Claude app, including on the free plan.
So, if you're using Claude right now,
this is probably what you're talking to.
But here's where it gets really
interesting. On test after test, Sonet
4.6 is pulling up right next to Opus and
sometimes beating it. On real world
software engineering tasks, the gap is
almost nothing. On computer use,
actually operating a desktop, clicking,
typing, navigating, they're essentially
tied. And on agentic office style work
like spreadsheets and document
workflows, Sonnet 4.6 has closed most of
the gap with Opus. the smaller sibling
is outgrowing its role. So the question
becomes, if the mid-tier model can match
the flagship on this many day-to-day
tasks, what exactly is the flagship for?
Now, Opus 4.6 dropped on February 5th,
and it is still Anthropic's most
advanced model. It follows instructions
significantly better over longer
conversations than the previous Opus
model. And if you've ever been deep into
a chat with Claude and it starts
drifting or losing the thread, that's
been dramatically improved. And it
simply does not give up on hard
problems. Previous models would
sometimes hit a wall and give you
surface level answers. This one pushes
through and anthropic specifically said
that this model sustains agentic tasks
for longer and more reliably. Where opus
still clearly leads is on the stuff that
requires the deepest reasoning and the
most general intelligence. They're
really hard problems. Novel problem
solving, complex multi-step reasoning,
the kind of questions that pushes the
boundaries of what AI can do. That's
still opus territory. So here's the
simple breakdown. Sauna has closed the
gap on well-defined structured tasks,
coding, financial analysis, office work,
think Excel, PowerPoint, that kind of
thing, and computer use. But when you
need the absolute best reasoning on the
hardest problems, Opus is still king.
For most people, Sonnet 4.6 is going to
be more than enough. Now, there's one
thing I want to make sure that you know
about. On February 11th, Anthropic made
a bunch of previously paywalled features
available on the free plan. So, let me
walk through what those features are.
File creation. So free users can now
create and download word documents,
excel spreadsheets, powerpoints and PDF
from any clog conversation. And now
connectors are also available on the
free plan. So this is where clog
connects to external tools like Google
workspace. So docs, sheets, gmail,
calendar, etc. Plus additional tools
like Canva, notion, slack and more. And
Claude skills are now available on the
free plan. So these teach Claude how you
work once and it remembers. Skills are
like reusable mini playbooks. You define
a process or a style and Claude can
apply it automatically across future
conversations. These are where you
really start to see the power of Claude.
So, I highly recommend trying these out.
Now, in case you're wondering, we
actually pay for the Max plan and have
API access, and to us, it's worth every
penny. And one more thing worth
mentioning is that voice mode has been
available on mobile for a while, but
it's new to the desktop app and web.
This was something that I was waiting
patiently for because Chad GBT and
Gemini have already had this feature for
a while. So, this is really exciting. So
now you can talk to Claude directly from
your computer and say your prompts
instead of always having to type them.
You can also give it tasks with your
voice and hear responses back. So keep
an eye out for that. One more technical
upgrade worth mentioning is that both
Sonnet 4.6 and Opus 4.6 now support a 1
million token context window in beta
through the API for high usage
developers and teams. So most of you
won't have access to it yet, but it
signals where things are headed. Now,
speaking of context windows, what you
will notice, no matter what plan you're
on is the relatively new feature called
compaction. When your conversation
approaches the context limit, Claude
automatically summarizes earlier parts,
freeing up room to keep going. It does
this by scanning your conversation
history, prioritizing the most important
information, things like decisions you
made, code snippets, key context, and
compressing the older, less critical
messages into a concise summary. The
recent messages stay fully intact. So
the conversation feels continuous. When
this is happening, you'll get a message
from Claude in your chat that looks like
this. So you essentially get much longer
conversations now without hitting a
wall. I've seen this message while doing
work in Claude and it hasn't negatively
impacted the quality of my conversations
at all. It seems to still remember what
I needed to. And this is available on a
free plan, too, by the way. Okay, so the
models are impressive on paper, but how
do these upgrades actually affect the
quality of the output that you're
getting from Claude? One of the biggest
improvements in both models ability
shows up in claude code. It can explore
bigger code bases, so it's better at
understanding project structure and
making changes across multiple files. It
can write more code in a single prompt,
give it a bigger task, and it handles
more of that in one go, especially when
you start in plan mode. And it writes
better code on complex tasks, things
with lots of moving parts where multiple
components need to work together. And on
coding benchmarks, cloud code shows a
big jump in real world software
engineering performance, especially on
larger projects and more complex tasks.
Now, I want to actually show you cloud
code in action. And by the way, even if
you're not a developer, stay with me
here because what I'm about to show you
is how Claude can build an entire
website for you from a single prompt.
You don't need to know how to code. You
just need to know what you want. We're
going to build an entire recipe website.
But first, the question I always get is,
okay, I built something with cloud code
or lovable or bolt. How do I actually
get it online? And that's where today's
partner, Hostinger, comes in. Their
managed hosting makes it really easy to
take what you've built and put it live
on the internet. You don't have to worry
about servers, security, or keeping it
running. Hostinger handles all of that
for you. You can push your projects
through GitHub, and it takes care of the
rest. I'll show you how to connect the
website to Hostinger in a moment, so
stick with me. Now, they've got two
plans, the business plan and the cloud
plan. The cloud plan gives you more
storage, more apps, and priority
support, but for most people just
getting started, the business plan is
plenty. Both come with a free domain
name, free email, and generous
bandwidth. And unlike usage-based cloud
hosting, the pricing is predictable. You
pay a flat rate instead of per request
fees, so you're much less likely to get
surprise bills if your site gets a bunch
of traffic. Now, let me walk you through
the purchase quickly. Let's say we were
going to select the business plan. I
click on choose plan. Then you have a
bunch of different options on the time
frame. The longer the time frame you
choose, the less expensive the monthly
rate is. And right now they're running a
discount. So the pricing is already
lower than usual. On top of that, you
can enter my coupon code envir hosting
right here for an extra 10% off. I'll
leave a link in the description. Now,
let me show you how fast Cloud Code can
build a recipe website from scratch. All
right. Now, here we are in Claude Code.
I'm going to give it a prompt to ask it
to build a recipe website from scratch
using next.js and shad cm. I'm going to
give it a design reference, a website
that I liked, that I found, and I'm
asking it to come up with all the copy
and the example recipes. And I'm going
to be using plan mode by hitting shift
tab. So, when you're using plan mode, it
thinks through the project first and
then it tells you what the plan is. This
is a way to get better results. So you
can see it's already planning out the
entire project, the file structure, the
components, the homepage sections, all
of it. And it's generating all the
recipe data, all the copy. I didn't tell
it what to write. Now I'm going to ask
it to use multiple agents. So now it's
saying it is going to launch multiple
agents to build the remaining components
simultaneously. All right. Now, after
working for about 10 more minutes, let's
see what it came up with. And there it
is. A complete recipe website. the
homepage, the recipe details page here,
responsive layout generated in minutes.
I described what I wanted. I gave it a
reference and it built the whole thing.
And now we're going to take this and
deploy it to Hostinger. So, first I'll
select the option to import a Git
repository. I just connect my GitHub
account and select the recipe demo
repository that Cloud Code just
generated for us. Now, Hostinger is
really intuitive here. It automatically
detects that we're using the next.js JS
framework and prefills all the correct
build settings and root directories for
me. All I have to do is hit deploy and
Hostinger takes over. And just like
that, we've got a live recipe website
built by cloud code, hosted by
Hostinger, done in minutes. This is what
I mean when I say the models have gotten
more autonomous. You give it a goal and
it figures out how to get there. Now,
what if you had a really big task to get
done? Wouldn't it be great if instead of
having one AI working on it, you had an
entire team of AIs that could handle it
all at the same time? Well, that's now
possible. And that brings me to agent
teams. So, what are agent teams? In
cloud code, you can now spin up multiple
AI agents that work on different parts
of a task at the same time in parallel.
Instead of one agent doing everything
step by step, you split the work across
a team. Think of it like this. Instead
of having one really smart employee
doing everything sequentially, you now
have a team of really smart employees
that can divide and conquer. One session
acts as a team lead. It coordinates
work, assigns tasks, and brings results
together. The teammates each work on
their stuff independently in their own
context window, and they can actually
communicate directly with each other.
You can even interact with individual
teammates without going through the
lead. This is different from sub aents,
which have been around for a while. Sub
agents all run within a single session
and can only report back to the main
agent. With agent teams, each teammate
is fully independent. They message each
other, self-coordinate through a shared
task list, and you can talk to any of
them directly. This works best for work
that can be broken into truly
independent pieces, like building
separate features, analyzing different
data sets, or testing multiple
approaches at the same time. Now, I want
to be honest here. Agent teams uses
significantly more tokens than a single
session. All that coordination adds
overhead, so be intentional about when
you use them. Think of it this way. For
parallel exploration, agent teams make
sense. For sequential dependencyheavy
work, where one step has to happen
before the next step, a single session
makes more sense. Asian teams are
currently in research preview, so it's
still early, but the potential is
massive. Okay, so the example I showed
you was a bit more technical, but what
if you're in sales or legal or marketing
and you're wondering how any of this
applies to you? This next part is for
you. Let me introduce you to Co-work.
This is pretty new. It just launched in
January as a research preview. And the
simplest way to explain it is it's
Claude code but for work rellated tasks.
It's geared more towards non-technical
people. So if you've seen Claude code
and thought, well that's cool, but I'm
not a coder. Co-work is the answer. It
lets you give Claude a goal and Claude
goes and does the work. Not just
answering questions, actually doing the
work. Reading your files, organizing
folders, drafting documents, doing
research, carrying out multi-step tasks.
You describe what you need, step away,
and come back to finished work. To use
it, you need the Claude desktop app,
which you can download from claude.com.
It runs on both Mac and Windows. And
right now, Co-work is available as a
research preview on all paid plans, Pro,
Max, Team, and Enterprise. Now, once
you're in the Cloud app, you're going to
see the Co-work tab at the top. Click
that and you switch from a regular chat
into task mode. And that's where the
magic happens. Now, on top of Co-work,
Anthropic recently released something
called plugins. And this is where it
gets really powerful. A plug-in bundles
together skills and connections to your
external tools and it turns Claude into
a specialist for a particular role.
Anthropic open sourced 11 starter
plugins at launch covering functions
like sales, legal, customer support,
data analysis, marketing, productivity,
and more. And they just came out with
some new plugins for additional areas
like HR support, finance and investing,
and even engineering. You can install
them right from within Co-work. There's
a built-in plug-in library, and you can
also customize them or build your own
from scratch using a plugin called
plug-in create. So, let's say you were
looking to improve your sales processes.
You could use a sales plugin to
prospect, craft outreach, build deal
strategies faster. It could help you
prep for calls, manage your pipeline,
and write personalized email messages
that move deals forward. One really
powerful addition that I wanted to
mention is Claude in Chrome. This is a
separate Chrome extension that lets
Claude directly control your browser,
reading pages, clicking, filling forms,
and navigating apps. Pair it with
co-work and Claude can handle tasks that
need web access like research or
repetitive web workflows. Just a heads
up that you'll need to download the
extension separately from the Chrome web
store. These additional capabilities are
a big deal because it takes Claude from
a general purpose assistant to something
tailored to how your specific company
works. Now, stepping back, if you look
at all these updates together, a clear
picture forms. Claude is no longer just
a chatbot that you're asking questions
to. It's becoming a genuine collaborator
that can do real sustained complex work.
If AI can build apps, do financial
analysis, review legal documents, handle
sales prep, everything we just talked
about. That shakes things up for a lot
of traditional SAS companies. We're
still early, but the direction is clear.
AI is moving from assistant to co-orker
fast. If you found this video helpful,
then please give it a thumbs up. It
really helps the channel.